The Source image we'll be using today is
a table setting jpeg it is 602 kilobytes
and it's currently 1678 by 1119 pixels
wide much too big to be using in our web
page
I have this online Pixlr e photo editor
up it is a free tool you're limited to a
certain number of saves per day so you
may have to spread out your work over
several days let's go ahead and start by
opening
our source image
now for this particular activity we're
going to be using a two by one ratio so
grab the cropping tool
check the size and our large image
is going to be 1500 wide
and half of that is 750 tall now we're
going to use art direction to select the
part of this image we want to use for
the large screen
so I'm going to slide it up a little bit
so those glasses are kind of centered
then I'm going to hit enter on the
keyboard that crops it off notice the
width and the height over here
I'm now ready to save that image
we will be using a web P low quality
that's about 50 percent that's going to
give you a really small image
let's save it as hero Dash and this will
be large
we'll save that out to the desktop
we can now return to our original image
by clicking up here on open
like select the cropping tool again
choose size this time for medium screens
we'll be using 1000 wide by 500 tall for
this activity
I'll change my cropping for the medium
screens I'm going to focus more
on the glasses and the napkin so I'll
put the glasses over here at the right
this is our direction to kind of focus
the user on what I want them to see
click enter on the keyboard
notice that the width and the height are
correct
let's save it
once again we'll do web P equality low
and hero
Dash medium
save it and we've got two done
let's now return to the open state
grab the cropping tool
size and now for phones or very small
screens we'll be doing 500 wide by 250
tall
and this time I'm going to really focus
in
on this smallest glass and maybe this
Angel here in the napkin
that'll be my art Direction crop for
this one enter
save
webp low quality save as hero
Dash small
you now have in your desktop a series of
three images
each at a different width and height but
all using a two by one ratio and each of
them saved at fifty percent quality look
at the size of these 37
28. if you remember our original image
was just over 600 so we've done some
amazing data savings by reducing the
size choosing a webp format and setting
the quality at low